# 01 â€“ Dwarfs, Goblins, and Polar Bears â€“ Oh my!

## ðŸ“… 12th of Marpenoth, 1492 AD.

Morning mead sure helps the troubled sleep. But walking through a damn blizzard
was not in my day's plans. At least the money from this ore recovery shall allow
me to stay in Bryn Shander for a couple of weeks before needing to go back to
fishin' to make a livin'.

Graymond, or 'Red' - as those mining Dwarfs called him, stumbled into some good
sources of income.

Firstly he be selling swords to the guard though it's not my business to snoop
(17g per sword, a dozen per week.) I just wish he not be makin' such a ruckus
so early with makin' sounds of gongs. Kids these days.

Secondly guard looking individual talking about killings by icicles in Targos
and East Haven. 150gps for the discovery / capture of whomever is doing that.
Eh, if the guards cannot handle this what could this old man do? Definitely that
Dwarf and clan are more well suited.

Thirdly the "yetis"...which Otis, Hirakas, and Thodurr quickly jumped into the
conversation for. I suppose this intrigues me a bit as well. I never met a yeti.
Otis already is bargaining with Thodurr on how much mead one of the offered gems
would buy. Thodurr is a bit reluctant on givin' up that information. I slammed
my mead got up and asked when we goin'.

We trek out towards Kelvin's Cairn in search of these lost ingots. An hour goes
by and a blizzard starts rolling in. We come up to a decision to either camp it
out or keep on going. We decide to keep going but the blizzard is far too much
and has us going in circles over the next couple of hours. Eventually, when the
blizzard lets up, we continue our path towards the lost ore. We arrive at the
place at which the sled was and the one poor dwarf that didn't survive.
Graymond finds the track where these "yeti" take away the sled. What kind of
yetis need ore? Thodurr takes the slayed dwarfs snowshoes. Graymond gives
approval. Resources are scarce and the dead don't be needin' them no more.

After a bit following the "yeti" sled trail we come across what really has taken
the goods. Goblins. Thodurr's expressions shifts into more of a wild side upon
seeing them. Makes me glad he's on my side of that greataxe of his. We see what
looks like a small wooden fortress being pulled by two polar bears. Polar bears?
We take a brief huddle and decide on the plan to sneak attack these goblins
before they head any further. Hirakas, Thodurr, and I slink up this overpass
the goblins are about to go under. The goblins seem to be paying more attention
to the cargo they stole than to their surroundings we succeed in our goal to
ambush.

Hirakas summons some strange tentacles out of nothing and starts landing some
hits on one of the goblin while also slaying another outright with another
magical blast. I follow up with a ray of frost to one up front and completely
freeze that goblin dead. Thodurr lets loose a javelin that skewers a third.

Then there comes a goblin with the own devil's luck. Survives 4 different
attacks from Otis, Graymond, and Thodurr. The goblin starts to escape and picks
up one of his dead comrade's horns and calls for aid. Otis prays to Tempus why
he lets this goblin live and lands two swift blows with his mace to ends the
goblin's luck and life. Otis's early celebration was swiftly met with a K. O.
by the last goblin that manages to land a sneak attack of his own on him. So
Graymond claims later as we're pulling the sled home.

While those shenanigans are happening down their Hirakas and I launch some
magical barrages onto the lead goblin and cart. The boss retaliates with some
javelin, which Thodurr later collects. Hirakas gets hit by a stray arrow from
which I assume came from inside the goblin cart. Hirakas reacts by casting some
otherworldly spell which sets fire inside that small wooden fortress.

Seeing the majority of the goblin's slayed the boss manages to dodge our final
bombarding attacks and escapes. Thodurr was calling out, "FOR OTIS!", as he
lobes off the final goblin's head.

One would think the battle be done here, but Thodurr gets a big grin on his face
looking at the two polar bears. I sigh at his request to attempt to tame them
and agree to only douse the fire and start throwing some rays of frost at the
burning building.

With my job done I take a small break near a dropped goblin torch and the
currently unconscious Otis. Thodurr then spends a good portion of time feeding
and surprisingly petting the captured bears. He unlatches the first and guides
it to the ore sled to tie it on. After some difficulties and dodging a small
swipe of the bear the first one manages to break free and run away.

Hirakas then joins in on the shenanigans to help tame the second one.
Suggesting perhaps his animal handling could help out while Thodurr unties
the bear from the now broken goblin cart. Some more commotion unfurls and the
second bear lands a solid hit onto Hirakas who gets knocked out cold. I see
Graymond sigh for what looks like the second time to tend to Hirakas's wounds.
Thodurr tries to hold onto this second bear but the strength was too great and
it manages to darts away.

Thankfully Graymond confirms that all the ore is still on the cart and we load
our two falling companions onto the sled. We need all three of us still not
sleeping on the job to get the sled moving. Why didn't I stick with fishing?

We made our way back to Northlook and collect our rewards. The 5 red gems and
what seems like a small discount at a local metal smithing shop.

- Ishamael
