# 02 - The Meticulous Lottery Audit

It’s another cold morning in the cold wasteland, and I wouldn't have it any
other way. Only the best mead is made in this climate.

After a decent nights rest, we all ate, I had a fairly bland meal kit that was
in my pack, but thankfully I had a small sip of my wonderful mead to wash it
down.


This crew of hooligans finally decided that we need to gear up, Thank Hanseath,
I really needed some manacles, never know when someone in this crew needs to be
restrained.


We make our merry way to Rendarials Emporium to gear up and sell those silly
red gems. We meet Rendarial the story owner, He tries to rip us by offering us
less than the Gems are worth. Ishameal tries to get a better deal but the
stubborn man refuses.

I nudge Ishameal to help me sweeten the pot by giving him a pint of my
spectacular mead. Otis notices the effort and helps out with magical effects.
After literally shoving the mead in the store owners face, he finally tried the
mead. Sadly this old fool was not a big mead fan and hardly gave us a better
deal, what a waste of a pint of mead. Never gonna shop here again.

We proceed to gear up, Otis heckles me on my manacle purchase, HE WILL SEE. Or
maybe I should lock him up during his sleep, things to do....

Before we left the store, we got a bit more info about the deaths in the town.
We got the names of the two people that died in the town.

With that we finally left that silly little store and made our way to town hall
to begin looking into the deaths that the Sheriff told us about.;

Ishameal and Otis have a little conversation that I don't really pay that much
attention to.

On our peaceful way, we got rudely interrupted  by one of those puny elfs.
This one was name Lady Dannika Graysteel.

She asked us about these chimichangas or chiwingas or something like that. She
may have had to many swigs of that terrible Good Mead Mead

I really don't believe there are these chimichangas creatures, but she gave us
a free lamp to light our way, I can't complain about free stuff.

We continue our way to the town hall, with thankfully no more interruptions.

On arrival, the receptionist directs us to the sheriff.

He proceeds to gives us a lot of details about the murders that happened in the
town, Who was murdered and where the murders occurred. We found out some poor
sap name Babim and Zavir were the ones murdered.

Otis barks out at a very suspiciously sweaty clerk asking them what their deal
is, They awkwardly excuse themselves to go to the bathroom, Otis ask the
sheriff if he can go also.

At this point, I didn't know how long Otis would take, but I was really hoping
that he didn't need to go number 2. I heard him on the toilet last night, and
it was not a pretty sound.

Surprisingly, Otis returns faster than expected, must have only needed to
release the godly mead he drank last night.

Otis proceeds to fills us and the sheriff in about his confrontation of the
clerk in the bathroom. Turns out that Babim and Zavir paid off the clerk to
take their names out of the lottery, very suspicious. We potentially have a
motive, but need more proof.

The sheriff also asked Red about his silly little swords and when he could get
them. Not sure why they want those tiny metal stickss, they should get real
weapons like my AXE!


After some planning with the group, we consolidated all the rumors we herd and
decided to take a trek to the town of Targos, which had similar mysterious
deaths like this town.

We have a fairly uneventful trip to Targos, rather boring if I my say so.

… Rest of the story is in the notes, did not get converted into a proper story...

Nico is a big Slacker, be very disappointed in him!

- Thodurr
