# 05 - Atack of the Sixty Foot Yetis

Turns out the thing that stole the lamp wasn't one of them keggles we been
looking for - it was actually some sort of shapechanging invisible super-dwarf.
 I returned to tell the party what happened - Thodurr seemed doubtful but he
 knows little of matters not pertaining to alcohol. I took everyone back
 outside to view this creature's tracks, which confirmed my story. I was able
 to pick up the trail and saw that the tracks led towards the right side of
 Kelvin's Cairn. Thodurr muttered something about dwarves of 'the deep' - but
 that sounds like a problem for another evening.

The next morning we picked up breakfast plus a little more info about Garrett
from the inkeep - he was last seen setting out with a party, specifically a
Tiefling, a Goliath and a Halfling. We headed towards Frozenfar Expeditions to
learn more. When we enter we met old man who was familiar with Boy - seemed to
pick up what it meant that Boy was traveling with us. He let us know where
Garrett's usual camp was located. A shield dwarf woman joined the
conversation - her name was Jartha, a fellow guide and friend of Garrett's.
We told her about the situation and she offered her help - for 10 gold. After
appealing to her sense of benevolence via the most epic guilt trip Icewind Dale
has ever seen, she agreed to accompany us for free. At her suggestion we got
loaded up with climber's kits. Two of them we purchased with one of our
remaining red gems, 3 were on loan with a deal to acquire them for another gem
once we've found the owner's missing pearls - a part of the rash of thefts that
had led to my discovery of the Amazing Growing Invisible Dwarf.

We took off after preparations were complete - Jartha had with her 6 dogs, so
we lashed a couple up to our sled so we could keep pace with hers. As we left
Caer-Konig I was able to eyeball the grow-dwarf tracks since they ran parallel
to our own course. I noticed that the tracks started huge, but ended up
shrinking down to normal size before being joined up with another set of
footsteps that I recognized as an Ogre's. Either this thing was working with
an Ogre or getting followed by one - bad news either way. I filled in Hirakas
and Thodurr but we took no other action - saving Garrett was the priority.

We got to the base camp and immediately saw two tents set up near an upturned
dog sled - with the dogs still attached. I beckon Thodurr to bring Boy over to
see if they recognize him, which they seem to. Thodurr and myself use a bit of
muscle(a lot of muscle in Thodurr's case...) to get the sled upright and the
dogs better situated which Greymond grabs a nearby crate, containing a load of
rations we divvy out amongst ourselves. Thodurr tends to the dogs while Jartha
shows us the direction she suspeccts Garrett headed in, something we are able
to confirm by finding four sets of distinct snow-shoed footprints that seem to
line up with Garrett's party composition.

We take off up the mountain - the climb was simple at first, but became more
treacherous the further up the mountain we got. After climbing a ways we
encountered a group of sinister looking goats staring at us from atop a rock.
I could sense evil intent from this creatures, even though the rest of my group
were not taking them seriously. With my party's safety on the line, I felt a
sudden inspiration to take action - it's as if Tempus was speaking to me,
demanding honorable battle against these vile things. I pulled out my crossbow
and let loose a single bolt as a preemptive strike. The goats come charging,
but accomplish little before being quickly dispatched. I notice one goat
enveloped in an icy hand - Ishamael's work - before it gets tossed off the side
of the nearby cliff. A mighty battle indeed, Tempus be praised! We discuss
potentially grabbing some goat meat on our trip back down the mountain, and
Hirakas makes a point to go ahead and cut himself some delicious looking goat
leg before we continue heading up the mountain.

At about the halfway point disaster nearly befalls us as we hear a rumbling
coming off the mountain and witness an avalanch quickly heading towards us.
I hear Jartha yell something about 'securing' ourselves as I bravely attempt to
flee the scene. I realize she was referring to the climber's kits we'd picked
up at Frozenfar. Recognizing I won't be able to outrun this, I hammer in as
many pins and anchors as I can before the snow hits me. Immediately before
impact I see the rest of the group in a single formation, with Ishamael
conjuring a magic shield to protect them from the snow - perhaps staying in
place would have been wise. The snow envelops me and tries to drag me down the
mountain, but the climber's kit does it job and keeps me from going far. I'm
able to free myself without too much difficulty and was relieved to see that
the rest of the party was okay - Ishmael looked a little worse for wear but it
seems like his shield took the brunt of the impact as the rest of the group.
After a short break we continued our trek up the mountain.

As we traveled on we eventually stumbled upon a disturbing site - a bloodied,
unconscious human laying by the side of a cliff. Boy immediately breaks off
from the group and runs straight to the body, wimpering. Surmising that this
was Garrett, I immediately cure his wounds and bring him back to consciousness.
He confirms his identity and tells us that his party had been attacked by Yetis.
He was able to barely crawl out of the Yeti den under his own strength but he
feared the worst for the rest of his group. He seemed doubtful when we told him
we weren't afraid of any Yetis under fifty feet in height, so we put on an
awe-inspiring display of power to help put him at ease. He didn't seem very
enthused, but said he was still willing to take us to the Yeti's lair. At that
moment, I heard what can only be described as the sound of a human screaming in
agony before I heard Jartha yell out something about 'CRAG CATS'. I turn and
realize what she was referring to - two huge feline beasts with pure-white
coats, almost impossible to pick apart from the snow at a distance.

The first cat falls easily to a combination of arrows, magic and axe-blows.
Greymond, Boy and myself move into position to fight the second one - I utter
a blessing to Tempus and finish the fight by giving the cat a flailing the
likes of which Icewind Dale had never seen. With its head reduced to a bloody,
pulpy, meaty mash the fight was over and we set up camp for the evening.
Hirakas carves up some of the crag cat for dinner - the boy's definitely got
an affinity for game meat which I can respect.

The next morning we continue our climb up the mountain - Ishamael seems to be
struggling, I don't think this thin air is good for his ragged old bones.
Garrett leads us to a large-mouthed cave - the Yeti's lair. We cautiously enter
the cave and begin our investigation. We stumble upon a large set of bones that
Garrett recognizes - seems we've found the Goliath who he was traveling with.
We find a decent looking Great Axe amongs some armor scraps, which Greymond ends
up holding onto. We soon hear some shrieking coming from around a corner, and
upon inspection we discover a Yeti child playing with a bloodied halfling, it's
parent looking on from a distance. Hirakas is just a little too noisy, alerting
the Yetis to our presence - battle ensues.

The yeti immediately rushes Thodurr - hitting him with two mighty swipes, the
second of which took my dwarf mead-buddy down. Fortunately we overcome the Yeti
with a combination of arrows, magic and arms - the fight ends with yet another
mightly flailing turning the creature's face into so much chunky porridge. I
move to finish off the Yeti tyke as well, but Ishamael beats me to it with an
impressive blast of magic straight to its chest - seems I'm not the only one
with a lust for Yeti murder.

I go to heal Thodurr before discovering that Ishamael had already done
so - apparently my spellcasting is so impressive that he was able to learn to
copy it just from watching me. I follow up with my own casting for good measure,
just to show the old man what a real heal looks like. We rouse the bloodied
halfing and she gives us some unwelcome news - the Yeti's (plural) had eaten
Mackingo, their traveling companion, and we'd only dealt with one of the adults.
We debate the best plan of action while a haunted-looking Thodurr wandered out
of my view. While discussing plans to camp out while waiting for the other Yeti
to return I hear an incredibly loud crash - Thodurr had struck down an ice
bridge we had seen earlier, cutting off a secondary route to this cave. Before
I can react I hear yelling from that side of the caven followed by a telepathic
message from Ishamael - 'it's coming'.

I steel myself and prepare for another glorious battle, but it turns out this
was not to be. By the time the creature had come into view it was already in a
state - riddled with Javelins, covered in burnt spots of fur where magic had
singed its flesh. Greymond and I take position and I fire a crossbow bolt into
the approaching beast, hitting my mark right in the creatures armpit. As it was
bearing down on us a HUGE blast of magic come from behind, hitting the beast
squarely in the back of the head. As what I believe to be its brains dribble
out of its nose, the creature falls dead down a pit on the side of the cavern.

- Otis
