# 06 - The Stronghold

We succeeded in our quest to find and rescue Garret, the master of Boy. Though
we didn't come soon enough to save all of Garret's expedition party. We give
them some honor by naming our two new companions Astrix and Mokingo after the
one lost to the harsh cold and the other lost to the yeti. These two new dogs
seem to have put a smile back on Thodurr's face. We all could tell that there
was a bit of a sadness with him having to part with Boy. I hold Astrix's
spellbook in my hands as we prepare to move out and ponder how anyone is able
to make sense of magic. I'm not sure how I weave what I do. Listening to Otis
humming back in the cave seemed to make some sense. Like it was at the tip of
my tongue, but just out of reach. Hirakas seems to understand a couple of the
spells. He and I discussed about finding a scholar to perhaps make more use
of the book.

Jartha continues with us on our journey to hunt for the stolen town items,
namely the pearls. Sure enough Otis's crazy theory about ogres heading north
quickly takes root as we find their trail in the snow. If I didn't know any
better I think his deity lead us right to them. We follow the tracks for a ways
before we stumble into what appears to be a stronghold carved right into the
side of the mountain. We overturn our dogsleds and leave them behind as we
approach more cautiously.

Thodurr and Jartha sneak up ahead while a circus lead by Graymond trails behind.
Thodurr relays back that he's found a door and various arrow slits along
the way. No signs of people home. Graymond leads Otis, Hirakas, and I on a rope
as we doused our lanterns to help avoid any detection sneaking up. Hirakas must
be getting used to his new eyes as he trips in front of me uttering a vile
sound which I could only think is something of a curse in his own tongue. We
all then hear commotion happening inside. What sounds like ringing of some wood
on stone and in dwarven words of "intruder" coming from the nearest arrow slit.
Otis mutters that he's heard this sound before. Sounds just like an ogre. We
relight out lanterns and prepare for engagement.

Hirakas runs up to a nearby arrow slit and says he sees a 60ft dwarf. Otis
seems to be grinning ear to ear as he pulls out his flail. Surprisingly Thodurr
starts yelling in dwarven next. I would have thought he be busting into the
place with no second questions asked. It seems he's inquiring about why they've
stolen the items from the town. I pitch in and ask if they would like to
partake in any mead. Seems the stronghold has gone silent. We all look at each
other an Thodurr gives a kind of shrug and then starts changing before my eyes.
It's almost like a polar bear standing before us if I didn't see it happen
myself. In this frenzy he takes a swing at the great stone doors that lay before
us which easily swing forward revealing a raised drawbridge on the inside.

Everything to follow happens quite quickly. Both Thodurr and Graymond leap
inside across the gap of the drawbridge all while Hirakas and I magically
bombard the ogre and enlarged, though not quite 60ft, dark dwarfs. Somehow Otis
seems to have striked fear into the heart of the ogre as it ran and cowarded
into a corner, which we later taken down together as a group. We succeed in our
breach of this stronghold and I'm quite surprised at the nimbleness of our two
dwarven companions. I think even Jartha was not expecting the action those two
displayed this evening.

Once inside we start poking around as Thodurr claims he's able to speak with
the pair of goats from the town given some time to prepare. I ponder if we
might be able to use this stronghold for future business endeavors like brewing
or storing Thodurr's mead. That thought gets popepd as Thodurr starts baa-ing
in goats. It seems he learns that there was a total of five dark dwarfs and one
ogre here, so we're not done with them yet. A path that the goats said they
didn't head down was our first exploration. It seems there's a path that leads
further down though we regroup at the main gate to clear the remainder of the
dwarfs first.

- Ishamael
