# 17 - Dragons, Walking, and Selling Oh My

After our bizarre journey on the back of a whale and a wild encounter with a giant shark, I was glad to finally be on solid land and making our way back to Targos from the Sea of moving ice. We had a long journey ahead of us since we had to walk due to our sleds being loaded up with whale oil and vulture carcasses.

During our trek back to Targos, Otis noticed a small kobold igloo, similar to the one we saw on our way to the Sea of moving ice. After some group discussions we decided to not interact with the kobolds, though I did really want to meet these creatures, oh well, maybe next time.

After passing the Kobolds, we encountered a blizzard that attempted to slow our progress or get us lost, but our Otis being the survival master that he is, leads us through the blizzard as if it was a clear sunny day. That was until we encountered what looked like an old man with a long white beard half buried in the snow and a large pile of snow on his head. We were rather cautious since it looked like a trap, so Ishmael pointed his finger at the old man and speaks using his mind, asking it to move if it is alive... He gets a response and all of a sudden the ground started shaking, the old man begins to start rise out of the snow and Red and Hirakas fall down. We didn't know what to expect, but as the shaking occurred and the old man was lifted up and snow was falling away, we could start seeing white scales and what looks like wings appearing out of the snow.

Finally once the shaking had subsided and the snow cleared a little, we could now see a very large white dragon with an old man strapped to its back. The dragon asks who was speaking, Ishmael responds and they start having a conversation. The dragon tells us a few things, her name was Arviaturace. The guy on its back is named Meltharond. We could tell that Meltharond was very much dead, but Arviaturace claimed that he was very much alive cause he had many conversations with Meltharond, which is rather bizarre, but who are we to tell a dragon they are wrong. Arviaturace warns us that we are very lucky to encounter her instead of another dragon, for we would for sure be a dinner if that was the case. I somehow worked up the courage to ask it what it likes to eat, she told us reindeer, walruses and polar bears. She became curious in my smells since it was similar to a polar bear, luckily she was able to smell a difference. I offered her one of the dead vulture carcasses we had on our sled as a tribute for not eating me. She accepted the food and proceeded to eat the food while asking us to leave her alone. Considering it was a massive dragon, we had no problem listening to her request.

Since we were all getting rather tired from walking all day, we made camp at the half way point between Targos and the sea of moving ice. After a good night's rest, we continued our trek. We decided to first try stopping in Bremen to offload our whale oil since Helga asked us to not sell in Targos since that is her preferred selling location. The remaining journey to Bremen was uneventful, we did need to camp for one more night, but eventually we finally arrived in Bremen.

Helga joined us in Bremen and lead us around the town to different taverns that might be willing to buy our whale oil. The town has five taverns all owned by brothers of the same family but they all did not get along with each other.

Ishmael was the first to sell his whale oil, he sold one of his two barrels to Mo. They haggled back and forth, but Ishmael convinced him that this whale oil is an exclusive and will only sell to him for 55 gold. Weirdly, Ishmael stuck to his word and only sold to Mo, a man of his words you could say.

Otis went to another brother named Sam. Otis used Sam's brothers against him to get a solid price of 50 gold for his one whale oil barrel.

Red negotiated with the brother Ted, they haggled a bit back and forth but settled on a price of 49 gold per a barrel and a pint of mead as a cherry on top. Red sold two of his four barrels of whale oil to Ted.

I ended up selling my whale oil to the brother Dan. I shoved a free pint of my world famous mead in his face and with that, convinced him to pre-order a barrel of my mead and to buy two barrels of my whale oil at 52 gold each.

Lastly, Red needed to sell his last two barrels of whale oil, so he went to the last remaining brother named Ike. Ike and Red haggled a bit and settled on a decent price of 49 gold per a barrel. Ike also told Red about some ship frozen in the ice up by the sea of moving ice. Hirakus perked up from this information as if knew about this ship. Apparently it had been frozen for about a monthish, something we will probably need to look into eventually.

Before we left Bremen, I remembered that I needed to sell these giant vultures and we also were running low on fish to feed our dog pack. So Ishmael introduced me to a person named Grynsk, who he used to sell fish to. We bought 4 trout from Grynsk for one silver each, good deal thanks to Ishmael. On our way out of Bremen, I stopped by Sam first to try and offload the vultures, he was not willing to buy it. But I also tried Ike, who had never seen a vulture before, so he offered to buy the vultures for 20 gold each and agreed to pre-order a barrel of my famous mead.

Finally we leave Bremen and now that we offloaded most of our cargo, we were all able to ride our sleds to Targos.
We arrived at Targos but the city seemed to be in lock down with the gates closed and guards blocking the way. Hirakas tried negotiating with the guards to let us in, but Ishmael reminded him that the city might be on lock down due to the events that we had caused earlier. Before we left Targos, Helga paid us the remaining 50 gold she owed us for escorting her across the frozen land. She then returned home through the gates of Targos, which the guards let her through cause they recognized her.

We then continued our journey to Termalaine to meet this world famous man eating moose. When we arrived, it was getting late, so we went to the inn called The Eastside. The inn keeper was singing a song when we entered. She told us about this ring she had that had a whitish like fur around it. Told us it was payment from a person that was dragged away by the wind. Kind of a crazy story, could be true or could be strong Ale talking, we will probably never know. We got a 3 rooms, Otis and I decided to cuddle together for the night.... Very comfy I will say.

We woke up at 6:30 in the morning and ate some soup from the magical cauldron in our inn room. We had another conversation with the innkeeper. She tells us about a gem mine, some more info about the man eating moose, and for some odd reason she REALLY wanted us to go to the Blue Clam, but we really just wanted to go to the town hall. Otis convinced the Innkeeper to guide us directly to the town hall.

After being guided to the town hall, we entered it to see a receptionist. We ask the receptionist where the town speaker is, she tells us he is at the Blue Clam eating breakfast. We decided to wait at the town hall for the speaker. While we waited, Ishmael and Otis decided to cause trouble for the poor receptionist. Ishmael caused a paper to levitate off of the desk and Otis heckled the receptionist about being bad at keeping papers on the desk. Ishmael picked up the paper that fell off the desk and saw an arrest report for some guy named Nars Beldrum, maybe something to bring up with the speaker once he arrives.

Finally, after an hour of waiting Ishmael askes the receptionist Jacob to interrogate Nars Beldrum but the speaker was hesitant to allow this until Ishmael displayed the wax seal from Bryn Shander, which granted us detective like privileges.

Once we had proved our credentials, we were escorted to Nar's cell. We found him shackled and banging his head on the wall. Before we interrogated Nars, Otis casted zone of truth, to make sure no one is lying. Nars tells us about this unearthly sound that kept playing in his head. A sound that he could not recognize and it was very painful. He had not slept in a long while and it all started with a headache that started less than a ten day. Ishmael tried healing the poor person, but to no avail. But that wasn't the only trick Ishmael had, after confirming that Nars is telepathic, he asked him to share what is going on in his head with him. So Nars shared what he was experiencing with Ishmael.

Ishmael had a look of concern on his face after experiencing Nars unearthly sound that played in his head. He took us all to the side and told us he understood the message playing in Nars mind. Tells us about some Nautiloid and that it is a distress signal that is looking for some psy crystals. Not sure what that all means, but I smell a new adventure ahead of us!

-Thodurr
