# 21 - Cliffside Cabin Vacation

We arrive at the cliffside cabin the speaker of Termalaine and the random gnome in Lonelywood spoke of. Along the journey Hirakas copies another spell into his ritual book and Graymond attunes to that magical crystal from the Termalaine mines which seems to now give off a small bit of light. The cabin has quite the real estate along the side the cliff. Perhaps we should not have sent that town boy out here. I suppose the soldiers with him might have some good judgement on how to spend the night in the cabin that is now partially at the bottom of the cliffside.

We find three charred people inside the cabin. We entered cautiously from Hiraka’s squidy owl’s sight of the bodies; no one seems to be around to have caused the demise of these individuals. Only an apparatus of sorts – two etched metal rings attached around what looks like a lump of coal. The runes on the metal rings seems familiar, but I am unable to place a name on what they might be. Otis and I play around with the apparatus a bit, with Hiraka’s initial findings of “flesh” seeming to trigger the device. Maintained raw contact with this thing triggers a violent explosion after a short duration. Fortunately, my telekinesis or clothing around the artifact enables safe handling which I now have stashed around them zombie clothing Otis still carried around.

The cabin still had treasure for us yet. Otis comes out of the crumbling shelter after a bit of rummaging the party does of the place and shows me a rather remarkable, regal/noble, small clay man as he places that on our sleds. We chat for a bit outside before Otis starts noticing a strange light approaching us. At first, I thought perhaps it was those glow deer though the light seems to take on more of a conic shape. I cast message into the house at Hirakas to come on out. Company is approaching. Hirakas and Graymond show up, but no Thodurr. Hirakas yells and bangs on the old cabin wall outside to stir Thodurr’s small snooze on a feathered bed found inside. Though I think the noise of the snow falling off the roof, into Hirakas, breaking the wood decking, and causing Hirakas to fall to the ground was louder than the initial yelling for Thodurr to come out.

Then our engagement with the spotlight person and the ice fairies. We try to negotiate with the creatures; nothing. Graymond gets shot with a ray of coldness out of the hood of the strange person like entity. Otis starts getting swarmed by the fairies. Perhaps they sense his holiness and have a taste for that? Graymond seems more eager to come to Otis’s aid smashing one of the ice fairies which shatters small ice shards outwards on its death.

Hirakas, Thodurr, and a little linen boar distract the cold spotlight person. I am rather impressed with the sturdiness of the dwarfs to be able to withstand these cold beams the spotlight creature has been emitting.

Otis and Graymond finish cleaning up the last of the three ice fairies before Otis finishes the engagement with an impressive inflict wounds cast on the butt of the hooded spotlight person. We then find out that the spotlight person is really a frostbitten human female, which Otis then remarks “That’s why there were no balls exploding!” Upon the conclusion of the battle Otis spends some time humming in prayer healing all the party.

The battle seemed to add more mystery to this cabin. It’s strange that we see three charred bodies inside, when there should be a fourth person in the party from Termalaine. Otis and I search around the house and find no footprints would suggest that anyone else left the cabin. The sled outside is indeed from Termalaine, so those bodies must be them. The last room inside the cabin left unsearched contained wine, which was a good chance for Hirakas to try out his new “summon the disk” ritual that he kept on repeating for those 10 minutes. Hirakas mentioned the only note found in the house mentioned “try three instead of two for the spell ritual”, whatever that means.

In the end we catch a rest here in preparation for whatever tomorrow holds.

- Ishamael
