# 35 - The Sweet Ballad of Badass Mylbor Tafferac

## 📅 7th of Uktar, 18:13; Bryn Shander

After a rousing day of glorious commerce we decide to go talk magic with Danica at Geldenstag's rest.  She excitedly asks us about the dragon bones she asked us to get – Ishamael gently lets her know we haven't bothered.  We try to hawk the spellbook we'd found earlier – Danica expresses interest, showing us her burgeoning magical talent by making a mug glow.  Taking a look at the book gets her pretty excited – I prod and see if she's got any other magic items she's willing to part with.  She gives us a magic electro-rod in exchange, which Ishamael  – how titillating!  Ishamael buys a couple of healing potions from her and distributes them to our burly dwarf boys.

Next we head to the House of the Morninglord and are greeted by an older lady named Mishann.  She asks why we're here and I give her a rundown about our experiences with the summer star.  She seems slightly incredulous but appears to give us the benefit of the doubt. She takes a look – we explain to her its formerly-explosive nature pre third-ring, but reassure her that it hasn't exploded for at least the last 2 days and it hasn't killed anyone within the last week.  We leave the summer star in her care, she says to return within a 10-day(📅 17th of Uktar).  Ishamael inquires as to whether Mishann knew of anyone else with a persistant headache similar to his own – she says a man named Geoffrey was dealing with something similar that wasn't treatable by healing spells, but he had already left and we do not know where he went.

 We proceed to town speaker, ready to discuss the happenings at revel's end.  We fill in her in on what happened, and let her know that we consider the Duergar the real threat.  Thodurr drags in the hammerer corpse to 'hammer home' the point.  We let her know about Sunblight and the 'Dragon' – she asks us to look into it.  We offer to compile a detailed report on our findings re: the Duergar in exchange for 100 extra gold on our reward – 350g total.   She offers another 350g for us to go to Sunblight and 'take care' of the Duergar situation there.  Done and done!
 
 Asking the speaker about MYLBOR TAFFERAC, she says that hunters like MYLBOR TAFFERAC can be found at the Northlook.  We walk in and are greeted by our old buddy Scramsax, when all of a sudden we are approached by famed local hunter Mylbor Tafferac!  We get to talking about our love of killing animals and he challenges us to kill this supposed Red Yeti – and he'lll even pay us for the pleasure(300g!)  He says they suspect the beast is hiding 15 miles east of Caer Konig.  Ishamael talks Mylbor into sweetening the pot by 50g if we bring the creature in alive(unlikely).

Ishamael has the good idea to try and triangulate his headache as we move east towards the yeti.  It seems like the Naughtyloid thing we're looking for is southwest-ish of Brynn Shander.

We stop at Caer Konig for the evening, stopping at the Northern Light inn and resting for the evening.  We game plan the yeti – we might try traditional tracking, but suspect that Thodurr's talents might come in handy if we use them to enquire with the local wildlife.  Thodurr and myself make stew and prep the animals while Ishamael, Hirakas and Greymond go check in at Frozenfar expeditions to see if they've seen any red Yetis lately.

Ishamael returns and sends Thodurr inside Frozenfar with some of his mead – apparently they didn't have useful intel about the Yeti but Ishamael had dug up some useful intel about Jartha, who'd been eyeballing our boy Thodurr.  Thodurr awkwardly bumbles back, beet red – homie doesn't have any game.

## 📅 8th of Uktar, 13:10

We travel east, searching for the Yeti.  As we move east we discover an upthrust black spire of stone sticking out of the snow, looking utterly out of place.  Moving closer, we see that it's unnaturally smooth, black and shiny but not made of Chardalyn.  The dwarves inspect the stone – it's not natural OR man-made, but magically created.  I walk up and touch it – feels like stone.  I notice a hole nearby, with a steep surface going downhill.  After sending the driftglobe down and seeing a bend, we send headsquid into the tunnel – apparently there's some sort of upside-down crazy castle thing in the ice.  We all agree that's awesome and decide to head in, using my climbing kit to leave a trail of anchors for us to use on our departure.

OTIS LOSES CLIMBING KIT + ROPE

We enter into the first room, seeing an upside down door flanked by two long-faced statues of wizards holding staves.  We climb over the first door into a hallway, with a crumbled stairway at its end.  We find rooms with upturned tables and equipment, spilled fluids.  We notice a locked chest on the ceiling of one of the rooms, and search for and find a key nearby.  We use a table, with thodurr standing on it and me on his shoulders to hold open the chest as I open it – inside we find four vials of potions within – green, red, light blue and white.

Thodurr puts his tongue in each vial – he thinks they're making him feel more protected against an element depending on their color.  Green - acid,  red - fiery, blue – cold, white – force.  I pocket them and we move on.  Greymond checks out the library and sees some interesting tomes on the ground: Magical Wonders of Netheril, Mysteries of the Phaerimm, and Wizards in the Hollow.  He grabs them for later inspection.  There is a hole in the floor of the library room – we use a rope to make our descent into the next level – a windowed room giving us a clear view of the ice embedding this structure.  There are cages scattered around the room, one of them containing the carapace of an insect-like person.  Thodur identifies them as a Thigh-cream or something?  Not sure what he's going on about but I'm not afraid of no thigh cream.

## 📅 8th of Uktar, 13:46
