# 44 - R.I.P. Headsquid

## 📅 12th of Uktar, 14:03; Outside Sunblight

We took the animals somewhat back to somewhere safer, otis summoned some more animals to guard our real animals.

We headed up the stairs to the fortress.

At the top of the stairs Ishamael casts some spell and slips forward. After some muffled discussion thodurr grabs his ram, but then the doors open. Ishamael asks someone "why did you open the door?" And we all step closer to the door and converses with someone unseen in the fortress who tells us that there are at least some grow dwarves that don't agree with what's going on, and the he opened the door in hopes that we'd overthrow zarderock. I use my new helmet to see into his mind and see that he appears to be telling the truth. He's gonna go tell some rebel leader (muskart?) of our arrival. His name is Drek.

We've finally found a nice grow-dwarf

We enter the doors and immediately hear a guard call out, we start the fight. It takes a good bit less than a minute to take them out. We find 25 gold in their pockets

We head down the hallway and enter the room the the south, there's some sort of lift and a room with chair/thrown.

We then head into the room to the north of that and find a map that looks similar to what red found previously, going north again we seem to find a bedroom with a locked chest, and it has a closet with a female growdwarf statue. Which Otis throws on the floor which breaks some of the statue off and rushs out of the room. He takes a key he found and unlocks the chest, finding

- Dwarven Sandels - 250g
- Smoking jacket with lots of jems - 500gp
- Hookah - 2500gp
- Beard comb with jems - 750gp
- Rolled up leather scroll
  - Numbers in a grid
    - 1-3-6 2-5-2 9-7-5 4-3-4
    - 8-2-7 5-6-3 7-1-4 2-9-9
- Pulling out the last item the headboard drops and dumps a bunch of gas into the room, killing headsquid

We fall back and continue down the hall finding drek & Musgardt.

Musgardt explains Zarderock is trying to woo her, but she isn't interested. We may have killed the last of Zarderock's kids. Ishamael asks if she can recall the dragon, but she says she can't, it's on some sort of set path. She says she has at least some supporters in the forge area, but not any who'd have done anything to sabotage the dragon.

After some debate with Mesgardt we take her miniature dragon replica as payment and continue along the hallway, in a northern room we run into a mimic that thodurrs stuffs his hand into before we kill it. To the south we find a second elevator, and to the east we find a room with some sort of zombie ogre which we battle to its death. Everyone else leaves the room while thodurr opens the chest, which mostly was junk.

We wait at the second elevator

## 📅 12th of Uktar, 15:48; Outside Sunblight

- Harakas
