# 65 - Plant girl's horny for Graymond

We start by figuring out our next path

We move forward, first checkignout the path on the left.  In the room we find the frozen, partially deocmposed corpse of a frost giant encased in ice.  Ishamel tries to send a message to it, just to see if it's alive - nothing.  I chip some ice away to get into his clothes and see if he's got any prsents for us, but there's nothing within but corpse-lint and disappointment.

We move onto the next chamber, and find a dozen netherese skulls lined up around a pillar of ice, which was broken open as if something had emerged from it.  Perhaps this stink-pillar was the source of the vampire things in this cave?  I ask professor orb and he says it's possible, but who knows where these stinky, bitey boys came from.  I gather up all 12 of the stink-skulls and put them in our bag of holding - I cannot imagine a world where these will not be useful.

Encouraged by our loot, we move on to the final unexplored passage we're familiar with.  As we pass the giant hole in the floor Hirakas asks professor mustache about the hole in the floor - he doesn't have anything useful to add.

We move foreward down a logn corridor, ultimately ending up in a room with a 40 foot high ceiling - there's a wall of ice in the back with some sort of dangly tentacle monster lodged inside of it.  As I look at it, I feel things in my head getting squiggly, like it's in there.  Hirakas randomly shoots at the wall for no reason without telling anybody he's gonna do it, which puts a crack in the sheet of ice.  As I express irritation at this, I take a step closer to the creature and all of a sudden feel a deep intrusion in my mind - it beckons me closer and I cannot resist.  I feel some sort of tug pulling me away from the wall - I try to resist but am yanked back a few feet before the force relents and lets me reunite with my beloved ice wall.  Suddenly, a wall of rock sprouts between me and my wonderful tentacly ice sheet - I am devastated, but I can still feel it's slimy closeness.

Suddenly I feel a fist hit my buttocks and find myself shook back to my senses.  Turns out Ishamel had put the wall up to keep us separated from the beast, and we waited a few minutes to let it turn solid.  We move onto the next chamber - a room of brilliantly polished ice dazzles us for a second,s howing a million reflections of ourselves dancing around the walls.  Wandering further into another room, we see a figure in tattered black robes wearing a golden mask, trapped in a wall of ice.  They tap in threes against ice wall - trying to communicate?  I call ishamel over and suggest he try mind-talking with the thing, since it doesn't seem outwardly aggressive(yet).

Ishamel beams some good vibes into the creatures ice coffin, but he gets nothing useful back.  We ask Vellen adn Professor Stache - turns out the distinguished professor speaks netherese!  We go back and forth a few times before deciding to pop open a hole for the creature to talk through, so that professor orb can translate.  We ask the creature it's name, it says 'no name'.  It says it's a Lorekeeper and that it wants to get back to work in the library, and that it's tapping is a 'request to exit.'  Seems like he wants to spend his undeath hanging out in the library?  Fair enough, but we want to scope out the rest of these caves before we let him loose so we tell him we'll be back before departing south.

In the next room we see frost-covered trees - a whole grove of them, within a 50 foot high cavern.  Somehow, the trees are alive despite being in a dark cave.  The trees are bearing some kind of purple pear fruit - Hirakas says they are some kind of weird purple pair he hasn't seen before in the region.  We ask professor stache about them and he's not useful, like usual.  Hirakas decides to grab a couple pears for later, when all of a sudden some kind of plant lady pops out from behind the trees and starts to talk to us.  She says this is her grove.  She seems nice, we banter for a while about ourselves.

She says the pears are chill and will give us slight magic powers and we're good to take them. We inquire as to what her deal is - Hathowyn is her name, and hanging out in this cave is her game.  We ask how long she's been alone, and she says she sees others occassionally.  She's bound to this cave and cannot leave - she asks if we can hang out for a while.  We decide to oblige, so Hirakas can resummon headsquid and Ishamel can bind to his new staff.

We check out the exits, first noticing an exit going upwards.  We decide to head out south, but Greymond won't stop flirting with the plant girl.  Thodurr tries to drag him away, but Graymond flexes most muscularly and shakes him off, declaring himself the strongest.  This pisses of Thodurr, who takes a most undignified swing at Greymond!  I don't appreciate the sucker punch and return one in kind to Thodurr.  This seems to motivate Greymond to get moving on, but the Hathowyn really wants some of Greymond's shortcakes if you catch my drift.  We tell him he can induldge in some photosynthesis after we've finished our adventure and move onto the next passage.

After traveling down a series of tunnels that seem to stretch out forever, we end up in another fork.  We check out the chamber to the right, and see a faintly glowing giant spear on the ground.  Greymond goes to pick it up - this thing is huge, 20 something feet into the air.  As he picks it up it stops glowing.  Weird, but Greymond seems fine.  We have the spear guardian pick up the giant spear - surely it'll be useful, and if not then it'll make a great decoration for the fighting pit.

We take other path back at the fork - there's a small netherese wall here with a be-pedastaled statue behind it.  We climb over the wall to check it out.  We try to smash the statues to see if there's treasure within, but fail - good craftsmanship.  As we do so I notice that Graymond seems a little... taller.  Something's going on with him, so I mark a line on my armor with some stew to make note of his current height.

We carry forward, but notice the shield guardian get hit by one of those fake icicle creatures we've seen before dropping off the ceiling.  We pre-emptively shoot all the icicles in the room to clear out these creatures before moving on.  In the next room we find the other half of the building we'd just passed.  As I'm poking around I hear some commotion to the south of me - sounds like some shit might be going down.
