# 70 - Fake book for the Fox-man

We loot the puzzle drawer, and I stuff a neat owl figure into my bag of holding.  We were getting pretty tired at this point figuring out this weird tower so decided to reconvene with the others to plan.  We want to rest but realize that Greymond is TOO big to fit in the room and that we need to sort out his growing condition/STD asap.  I try to dispel magic on him but it doesn't work - I turn to a more potent tool of Tempus, the Greater Restoration spell, and it does the trick.  We lecture Graymond on the use of prophylactics when engaging with weird plant women and then decide to rest.

We play around with the Abracadabrus a bit before we rest - we conjure some non-poisonous tropical fruit berries.  It conjures up a big vine covered in delicious white juicyberries.  We then conjure up a cheese plate - delicious.  I decide some non-human stew meat would spice up our evening so I make a few pounds of browned beef stew cubes and toss them in the pot.

We eat and go to bed, ready to feel refreshed for the next day.  I notice that Greymond is looking clammy(I would be too if I got large and small in such quick succession), and notice a little bit of red hair on the ground near where he slept.  Thodurr on the other hand is looking ESPECIALLY well fed.  We decide that communing with Tempus about the magic house might not be a bad idea - I perform the ritual and ask the following:

- Is there danger in the magic mansion place? no
- Is there treasure in the magic mansion place? no
- Should we let the bugman free? NO

Tempus ain't fuckin around with this tower so I don't think we should either.  We decide to move on, shortly finding what appears to be a magical school(as described by Xerox).  We go inside, passing through empty classrooms before finding a big room with 8 stained glass windows and a jeweled goblet in the middle.  The goblet has eight jewels on it.  Looking at the windows, they seem to each represent a different basic magical cantrip, which I recognized from a remedial magic pamplet I once stole from a traveling scholar.

We fuck around with a bit, casting mage hand on the goblet, and it seems to act like a normal cup.  I walk up and stick my finger in it - feels magical, but didn't hurt me.  I take a swig and find myself able to cast magehand like Ishamel - neat!  No one else is interested in drinking from it so I toss it in the bag of holding.  We head back outside and onto the next building, a large turreted structure surrounded by rubble with a giant door standing open ajar.  We step inside and immediately realize we're in the library - Vellen runs in excitedly.

We wander a moment before we stumble upon a weird jackal man who starts begging us to help him find a book, the 'Book of Keeping', so that he can 'find his people.'  He assumes we're librarians - we try to gently correct him but he seems almost manic and simply asks us to help him with his search.  I do not trust this little thing, finding him abrasive and kind of racist towards the shorter members of our party, and would very much desire to smash his little head.  His penguin-headed assistant bumbles over and hands a note over to Thodurr that says 'help me'.  I see ishamal making that face he makes when he mind-talks with people, and assume he's discussing with the penguin.  He all of sudden asks the stupid jackal man his name - he answers 'scrippinscrye'.  Ishamel convinces him to let him take the penguin with him to fetch the mummy librarian - he takes off with the dwarves and penguin.

(OOC)

Ishamel's half of the party head over to the librarian with the penguin man.  They offer to let him go but it doesn't sound like he has any life skills.  They decide to leave him with Greymond's plantlady and return with the librarian.  Ishamel uses his staff to cast comprehend languages on himself and the librarian - and they all set off together.

In the library I look around for anything worthwhile that is not a book.  I find nothing, this place sucks.  Hirakas finds a book that reveals that this city fell indepedently of the rest of the floating cities - something else brought this place down vs what took the whole civilization out. As the party gets back we discover a cool globe that shows where the cities were floating around at any given time.  Scripplenipple starts bothering us again about his dumb book, so while he's engaged I pop around the corner and make a fake cover that says 'Book of Keeping.' I give it to him to drive him crazy, and we ask the Lorekeeper about the 'Rite of the Arcane Octad' - performed by the eight archmages, one of each school of magic, which when performed at a location to the south to engage or bring the shield down around the mythallar, the power source for the city.  We got a map of the city from the librarian and left the library, heading off towards the arboretum.
