# 74

## 📅 26th of Uktar, 21:28

We head towards the tower of Enchantment wearing our snazzy new clothes.

We reach the tower and enter. Red and the zombie seem to feel tired, Otis seems fine, until a few steps in and can't move his feet before the carpet tries to eat him. Fucking mimics. When I run in I land two excellent hits, nearly killing the first mimic and hurting the second greatly. Otis does some final damage to the first mimic wiping his feet on it as a final show of disrespect and does a bit of damage to the second. Red finishs of the other after a few others do some damage too. They look for pockets on the rug, but Otis yells out "stair monster". She invites us up the stairs.

## Sidebar

https://www.etsy.com/listing/1417903795/wood-jeans-design-rug-jeans-brand-rug

## /Sidebar

Cadavix seems to recognize her as the person he's looking for her and rushes to her, slipping on the icy floor, while she's distracted Otis tells us all how much she smells.

Seventh, trace a circle with the ashes of the dead.

After some more talking I start to feel really at home and take a seet on a big metal platform after being given that suggestion and am not really paying attention as I'm so comfortable.

I hear Ishamael yell "kill the thing" and attacks the lady, I can't understand why, Another of the ladies appears near ishamael. WHAT IS GOING ON.

Ishamael hits Cadavix and he steps back and attacks the lady, this isn't getting any clearer. Red smacked Otis in the mouth, WTF.

Cadavix did something to my brain, hurt my memories?, WTF, I misty stepped to the corner and attacks.

Cadavix explains the the Oblox was used to power the metal platforms magic, Otis decides to crawl into the metal box to investigate it, after getting out of the box he and Ishamael check out the books on the back., Ishamael starts really investigating the shelf itself, must have nice craftsmanship.

He pulls on it and is a secret door. He finds Cadavix's woman's emaciated corpse. But Cadavix runs in and starts talking to her and she somewhat responds. Otis decides to give her a wiff to determine if she's another cube.

Given her state otis decides to cast greater restoration on her and she becomes alert. She describes what sounds like my experience with the think fucking with my memories. She doesn't seem to have much of any memories and Cadavix stumbles over his thoughts on what to do for her.

As reward for our help Cadavix gives us the next part of the riddle, "Fourth, coax a secret from another."

We get the Crown of Timeless Body & a Staff of Charm Person

We leave some rations, Ishamael makes a stone wall to hide the door so Cadavix can remain hidden while he tries to heal her.

- Hirakas
