# 79 - Bro-hands and Yellow People-Melters

Having arrived at the Tower of Evocation - it's tall, with glowing red symbols inscribed on it and sparks emanating from the upper levels.  We find the door unlocked and head in - the room lights up as we enter and we find the room full of skeletons and partially-dissolved images on the walls of wizards in athletic stances playing that lightning ball game we had conquered earlier.  There's broken glass on the floor with no obviously apparent origin, and pieces of warped metal laying on the ground.

It's too much of a goddamn mystery for us(and kind of scary) so we move onto checking out the skeletons - they look like they've been busted up pretty good - smashed up and maybe a little bit melted?  I immediately grow concerned that there's some kind of people-melter present in this tower.  I tell thodurr to prepare his cube of force in case we need an anti-melt shield.  We head up the spiral staircase to the next floor, staying close together.

The next floor opens up to this weird chamber, with an electrified trident surrounded by 3 bodies frozen-in-place, each covered in bits of chardalyn - members of the invading force.  A door opens up to a separate small room in front of us - 3 of those lightning balls and a bunch of uniforms matching the kind wore by the constructs we bested in the stadium.

This looks like some sort of small private lighting ball arena?  The skin around the hands and legs are reddened, their pants are slightly melted - this bodes poorly.  We drag the closest corpse to us to take a look - he slides directly to us and then hits the small staircase leading up to us and collapses over, stiff as a board.  Taking a look at his corpse I can tell he developed a terminal case of being melted with acid.

I command my flashlight-weasel to the other to see what'll happen - a lightning bolt shoots at him from the trident but he deftly dodges.  I can tell the floor is slippery, but the weasel navigates it well all the way through to the other side.

Realizing the floor is made of ice we put our crampons on.  We talk ideas to get through, but everyone notices this tower is getting warmer.  Fearing a 'mage oven' scenario we decide to move forward with the fastest plan - Ishamel creating a wall of stone to encase the trident and create a walkway on the floor.  I go first while Ishamel concentrates, grabbing the fancy armored corpse on my way to check his pockets and find a pittance of gold.

We go up another floor and find a red-robed corpse frozen in place.  The room is full of hovering red lights, magic of some kind.  There are two of those no-good magic hands hanging out in the room - they seem to notice us but aren't taking any action.  I take a step in and they give me a big thumbs up - these things are obviously enchanted with a preternatural sense of good character and call tell that I am a quality individual.  I get thodurr to come with me in case we need some emergency shielding, and we walk to the other side of the room as the hands congratulate us on being dope.

We find at the end of the hallway a display case filled with a display that seems to have the bit of riddle we're looking for, along with various placards and trophies blocking the view.  Ishamel calls out and says he realizes why the hands are being chill - we are lightning ball champions!  I reach into the display case and grab the placard with the text - it says 'Fifth, quench the flame in thy palm with ice.'

We gather up the trophies and medals in the case - about 8000gp worth, pretty nice.  I shake with one of the giant hands, a show of respect from a champion to a fan.  We head back downstairs together.

Entering the lightning room we find that the floor has melted and revealed that it was made out of yellow people-melters the entire time.  They see us and immediately attack.  ishamel says he's got a plan and starts out with a fireball, hitting almost all of the people-melters with old man power flames.  They advance on us and Thodurr takes a swing - he gets a good hit but the people-melter splits in half.  Me and Graymond find this dispectful so we take turns smooshing goop into goopier goop, while Hirakas and Ishamel blast them with bullshit - leaving only one remaining melter which thodurr swoops in to smash.

We leave the tower and find an abandoned building to rest in, before moving onto the time-travel obelisk we learned about earlier in our sojourn.  We need a staff of power to activate it, but unfortunately do not find one.  We decide that it's better to destroy the obelisk rather than leave it for our enemies to fuck with.  We end up all pushing it down together, which causes a magic shockwave to envelop us all - I feel a little bit more youthful, the hair I'd lost since arriving here having grown back.
